thank you all for signing up our first
order of business is deciding what kind
of girl we want to be well we should
probably just focus on leveling for now
why
leveling takes like five minutes yeah
then why aren't you level 90 yet because
I had to stop leveling to come to this
stupid meeting I knew and fighting all
my enemies to the guild was a good idea
stupid stupid since 1 we have interview
segments is this a mockumentary now
maybe we should try to get some
achievements you all have pretty low
achievement scores why do you know that
I want to be a Raider do you even know
what that means
no good idea Oh scheduling all the fog
rod as soon as we had no idea what Zilla
far the rate finder oh I didn't want to
say anything in front of everyone else
but does she really think Elif R stands
for raid finder man someone needs to go
back to elementary school
Elif R is where you queue up to do part
of a raid on an easier difficulty with a
group of 25 random people well that
doesn't sound very fun of course it
isn't but once you get the off our gear
you can move on to the other
difficulties which are ok so you've got
normal mode which can be 10 or 25 man
and you have to form a group yourself
instead of queueing then you have heroic
mode which can also be 10 or 25 man but
the numbers are bigger and there are
more ads oh but you have to do normal
mode before you can do heroic oh ok oh
and they're also adding flex rating
which you queue for like with LFR but
you still have to make your own group
like with normal and heroic and you can
have anywhere from 10 to 25 people and
it's a little easier than normal but
harder than LFR does she really expect
me to believe that right well in any
case so I put some golden hopeful items
in the guild bank to help everyone out
just be sure you
wait who was that it's that mute who
ninja to drop from us she stole it
everything I was keeping my fishing
poles in there why I ran out of space in
my backpack why did you even invite her
being a ninja is literally her only
character trait well I didn't know that
because you kicked me from the girl for
no reason why can't you just let bygones
be bygones it was an hour and a half ago
well our friends be able to bury the
hatchet and decide what kind of guilt to
be will the noob ever see his fishing
poles again why doesn't the ninja ever
talk would you want to talk to these
people
whoa like I said my different chair
please